alright guys you know those potatoes
again on the side of your eggs when you
order them at a restaurant they're
really greasy really salty but they do
taste good I'm gonna try to replicate
that recipe today with a healthier
version cigarette alright guys monthly
TV I'm your host Brad knife thrower this
episode of Brad's cookbook I'm trying to
replicate a recipe that you usually get
into restaurant potatoes that are deep
fried or really greasy they're really
salty but they taste good I'm gonna try
to replicate that on today's episode of
Brad's cookbook all you need are some
sweet potatoes we're gonna dice them up
in cubes about 1/3 cup of diced onion
1/3 cup of red pepper and a little bit
of olive oil and that's it pair this
recipe up with some eggs in the morning
we'll have a full muscle building recipe
ok so let's get started so I'm gonna
heat our pan over medium heat once again
keep the temperature low because we are
using all of all you don't want to cook
olive oil over too high of heat one to
two teaspoons of olive oil to coat the
pan well let that heat up I'm going to
add the other ingredients so come on
over good now that their pan has been
heated over medium heat let's add in the
onions and let's sauté these for about 2
minutes get them soft then we'll add in
the other ingredients now that the
onions are nice and sauteed and smelling
delicious let's add in our red pepper
and then we'll add in our sweet potatoes
and then about a tablespoon of water
then we're going to cover it for about
15 minutes and allow that to cook so
what we're hoping for in that 15 minutes
is that these sweet potatoes become soft
and ready to eat
but don't just walk away for 15 minutes
you want to make sure that you're
turning the sweet potatoes so they don't
burn on one side so just keep flipping
them every once in a while
all right they're done and then actually
I'm not shorter than I thought took a
little 8 or 9 minutes depending on how
soft you like your sweet potatoes but a
touch will add some pepper on top and
what do you think and there we have it I
guess you can call it sweet potato hash
or just sweet potatoes whatever you want
to call it it smells delicious it looks
pretty cool add this as a side dish to
any protein source so a steak chicken or
have in the morning with your eggs and
you're good to go and the final thing to
do is always take a taste that's some
sweet potato yeah perfect eight minutes
delicious I highly recommend you guys
give this one a try hopefully like this
video please support this channel by
clicking that like button below click
share and subscribe as well leave a
comment below what you want to see on
future episodes
I'm cooking with you guys want to see so
burger be back in tomorrow with another
Tuesday workout hopefully you guys are
gonna join me we'll see you there